fix(core): fix bug loading of `.redocly.lint-ignore.yaml` in browser environments (#2489)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/sour-wings-follow.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
---

> Fixed loading of `.redocly.lint-ignore.yaml` in browser environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where `.redocly.lint-ignore.yaml` was not loaded in browser environments.
```
